Okay, we do have Spring boot running. It is now
listening on port 8080.
It's our simple index page and I'm going
to take a look at our page in Safari. So
Safari is very similar to Chrome. You
come in and right-click and say view
page source and we can see that page
source now. This actually brings up the
page source in Safari development tools. So we can see that pretty easily. It's
kind of nice how that's consolidated. Chrome will open up a different tab and
I believe Firefox will also. So a little
bit different so that does come up in
their developer tools. Now to get to
developer tools, you have a developer
menu or develop menu option and what we
just saw was the web inspector. So we
come in here and come into the web
inspector and that's going to come back
and default to that page there and
now we do have a network tab as well. If
I refresh this, we will see that activity.
So right away went back to the view
which I don't like and we can see that
we got this and for some reason, we've
got web events so I'm not sure why,
where that is coming from be honest. So
that's a safari extension that's coming
down from somewhere but this localhost
request, that is that they get against
our Spring boot server and you can see
different elements here. So this is a
nice view. Similar to what we saw in
Chrome and Firebug. So it needs stuff
there. Timeline is another interesting
tab, so that's going to see, we'll see the
rendering of the page and so similar view inside of Chrome as well. Now you do
have a JavaScript debugger. We can also
see local storage. So a lot of people
don't realize that modern browsers do
have a little
SQL database that we can stash stuff in
when we need to. So this is a nice
feature for web developers to do. Store-and-forward. And then of course we
do have the council so for you and
JavaScript emitting output messages. We
could see it on the console but the main
thing that we're going to be looking at
when we're doing web development
especially with Spring MVC
and Thymeleaf, we'll be looking at
what's coming down via the network and
then inspecting the page. It is probably one
of the most useful things of when you're
working on this. It is to be able to
inspect the page and also, I don't know,
can we edit here? Nope. You can tell that
I probably use, of the tools I use, Safari
the least. I'm just really happy with
Chrome and Firebug. Chrome is probably my
primary tool but showing you this
because everybody has their own personal
preferences and you can use any browser
you like, going forward in the course.